yes sir escrow I'm a chef and I'm one
part of I'm a combo and I'm political
hello hello it's our brush turned in
accompanying Apple basically we are a
catering company main things of our
manifesto is about bringing people
together and have them contract you have
to create this sort of feel that that
this could be tacked down and put on an
airplane and don't run are they a portal
it's a place where people they brush by
we wanted something very recognizable so
you would come into the reception area
you would do the order fish for me
drinks and our host will show you to sit
not to follow you there but to turn on a
light about the chosen seed you start
with nothing between you and then
suddenly you are connected almost
physically by a piece of Table Talk it
had a small bowl Center to accommodate
like a cone the water press spray pepper
grinder and a box with cutlery and
napkins and other functional things
within the restaurant we didn't have a
regular kitchen so everything was kept
in the kitchen behind together with all
of the other airport restaurants
everything was packed into vacuum bags
sealed properly and then when we did
service within the restaurant yeah we
dumped them in these hot tubs food wise
you choose either a fish or meat fish
Dada is edible mouth paper with crack
smoked cheese cucumber and chickweed if
you choose the meat it's a cracker with
horseradish cream cauliflower and hand
both of them has to share shoot like a
queen gazpacho the main cause for the
meat menu was basically chicken
meatballs and spaghetti spaghetti was
made of weeks and make cabbage antiques
for the fish main cause we had pieces
cut that was like a salty and then we
mix thins and muscle muscle shoe and
some carrots potatoes salad leaves for
the dessert we decided to sort of give
it give it as it to go then we send
people off with a little goodie bag
containing dessert in the goodie bag for
for no no we offered the selection of
sweets big first or some chocolate baked
goods then most coffee we had some
things you need cops Nestorian stripper
and in that and we wanted to give you a
possibility of sharing your dessert with
the two people next to you sensory
strangers we ease it up and we make it
easier for people student to interact
and to to eat together and to create an
experience